Improve API docs (#145)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-mssql: ballerina/Module.md

    ```

### Client
To access a database, you must first create an
[`mssql:Client`](https://docs.central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/mssql/latest/clients/Client) object.
The examples for creating an MSSQL client can be found below.

#### Creating a Client
These examples show the different methods of creating an `mssql:Client`.

The client can be created with an empty constructor, and thereby, will be initialized with the default properties.

```ballerina
mssql:Client|sql:Error dbClient = new();
```

The `mssql:Client` receives the host, username, and password. Since the properties are passed in the same order as they are defined
in the `mssql:Client`, you can pass them without named parameters.

```ballerina
mssql:Client|sql:Error dbClient = new(
   "localhost", "rootUser", "rootPass", "information_schema", 1443
);
```

> The sample below shows as `mssql:Clinet` using named parameters to pass the attributes since some parameters are skipped in the constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample below shows as `mssql:Client` using named parameters to pass the attributes since some parameters are skipped in the constructor.
```

> The sample below shows as `mssql:Clinet` using named parameters to pass the attributes since some parameters are skipped in the constructor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sample below shows an `mssql:Client`, which uses named parameters to pass the attributes since some parameters are skipped in the constructor.
```

Author: Fixed in 889718f

sql:ParameterizedQuery sqlQuery = sql:queryConcat(query, query1);
```

> A query with the `IN` operator can be created using the `sql:ParameterizedQuery` as shown below. Here you need to flatten the array and pass each element separated by a comma.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A query with the `IN` operator can be created using the `sql:ParameterizedQuery` as shown below. Here,you need to flatten the array and pass each element separated by a comma.
```

Author: Fixed in 889718f

```ballerina
int[] ids = [1, 2, 3];
sql:ParameterizedQuery query = `SELECT count(*) as total FROM DataTable 
                                WHERE row_id IN (${ids[0]}, ${ids[1]}, ${ids[2]})`;
```

> The util function `sql:arrayFlattenQuery()` is used to make the array flattening easier. It makes the inclusion of varying array elements into the query easier by flattening the array to return a parameterized query. You can construct the complex dynamic query with the `IN` operator by using both functions as shown below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `sql:arrayFlattenQuery()` util function is used to make the array flattening easier. It makes the inclusion of varying array elements into the query easier by flattening the array to return a parameterized query. You can construct the complex dynamic query with the `IN` operator by using both functions as shown below.
```

Author: Fixed in 889718f

#### Creating Tables

> This sample creates a table with three columns. The first column is a primary key of type `int`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This sample creates a table with three columns. The first column is a primary key of type `int`
```

> while the second column is of type `int`, and the other is of type `varchar`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
while the second column is of type `int`and the other is of type `varchar`.
```
